hi
are you mr rashid uh yes i am it's a
pleasure to meet you
i'm james evans president of top-notch
travel welcome to top notch
i'm marie the receptionist it's nice to
meet you hi
i'm paul i'm a tour guide glad to meet
you
hi i'm cheryl the office manager
yes pleasure bob
bob is a chef no bob is not a
chef
bob is a doctor
no bob is not a doctor
bob is not a singer he's not an
architect
he's not an athlete bob hi
i'm the mailman this is bob bob
is an actor
this is good coffee it is good
who's that that's your friend david
duquesne
he's a writer from france that's not
david duquesne
that's arturo montoya he's mr evans
neighbor
he's a doctor from mexico
no that's jeff davis
he's an artist no that's alan reece
he's our lawyer that's not alan reece
oh it's clark thomas
from england he's a musician
excuse me yes who's that
that's mr evans
he's your boss that's
not mr evans
hey guys
[Music]
musician
excuse me how do i get to the red cafe
the red cafe let's see
go to the corner and turn left left
go two blocks and turn right right
around the corner is a train station
take the train
don't take the train go through the
station
across the street to the bookstore
next to the bookstore is a pharmacy next
to the pharmacy
is the red cafe yes got it
let's do it again corner
left left two blocks right
around the corner don't take the train
through the station
across the street bookstore pharmacy
red cafe thank you very much you're very
[Laughter]
welcome
is this your family yes
who's this my brother
he's so handsome how old is he
he's 34. oh
he's a doctor oh
that's his wife oh
she's very pretty
who's this that's my mother
your mother but she's so
old she's not old
she's 58. okay
who's this is he a doctor too
no he's an architect that's my sister's
husband
who's this that's my sister's son
he's a university student he's so
cute he's so
young
who's this short old woman
what that is not a short old woman
that's me
sorry
you're late what time is it
two minutes after six i'm not late
two minutes is not late yes it is
it's two minutes late
oh look it's five to six i'm early
so for your birthday on saturday
there's a great french movie at the
avalon
there's a baseball game on saturday
night
or there's a play at the art center at 8
pm
life is a dream the tigers are playing
the giants you know
baseball oh look there's a mozart
concert on saturday
would you like to go what time
half past seven the ball games at seven
oh wow there's a talk by the writer
ellen lee at the university
on saturday night
is your birthday on saturday
no it's your birthday
would you like to go to a baseball game
for your birthday a
baseball game that sounds great
do you like this blouse yes that blouse
is beautiful
thank you
what about these shoes do you like them
i like those shoes
i really like those shoes
and what about this dress i really like
that dress
you do you look like a movie star julia
roberts
i see
[Applause]
and this skirt that skirt is very nice
bob bob
what
what about these sweaters i like those
sweaters those sweaters are beautiful
thank you
oh
hi hi
welcome to my new apartment mom
i liked your old apartment at 24 oak
street better
that's because you live at 22 oak street
your old apartment had such a nice view
the view here is nice too mom the park
is just across the street and my office
is around the corner
nice refrigerator
it's very small isn't it the
refrigerator
the kitchen it's a little small
but i like it there's
the dining room
the office
and the living room
the chairs are nice i like the sofa
why is the dresser in the living room
there's no place else for it to go
but where are the other rooms honey mom
it's a studio apartment there are no
other rooms
this is it this is it
but where's the bedroom
tada i'm afraid to ask about the
bathroom
[Music]
i think it's nice
paul you're late again sorry
i never get up before 8 45 8 45.
that's late what time do you get up 5
a.m
5am that's early what do you do in the
morning
well after i get up i usually make
breakfast
take out the garbage do the laundry the
laundry
yes then i read the newspaper check my
email
sometimes i take a nap you take a nap in
the morning
just 15 minutes on monday wednesday and
friday i
exercise and on the other days i clean
the house
then i take a shower get dressed put on
my makeup and go to work
wow you never sleep late on the weekends
i sleep till six
that's real you do laundry in the
morning
and evening why when do you do the
laundry
usually in march and september
what are you doing this weekend do you
want to go shopping with me
that sounds great when do you want to go
how about saturday morning
i'm making breakfast for some friends at
nine
then i'm doing laundry from 11
to noon saturday afternoon
i'm taking an art class from one to
three
how about 3 30
no i'm exercising with a friend
from three to four then i'm going to the
movies at five with my sister
sunday morning i'm visiting my parents
until ten
then i'm meeting a friend at the art
museum
until one
sunday afternoon i'm going to a baseball
game with bob at 1.
how about late afternoon
around 5 great
hey do you want to play basketball
tomorrow
okay
tonight i'm cooking
what are you making bob's famous
vegetable soup
do you have any vegetables
i have some onions
tomatoes how many tomatoes two
i have some beans
some peas
one cabbage and
a potato great
you want them all it's vegetable soup
pass those bananas please
bananas are fruit yes
you put bananas in your vegetable soup
sounds good doesn't it
now do you have any sugar
yes
and i need a lemon oh and do you have
any coffee
do you have a recipe for this go watch
tv please
uh
[Music]
from
come have a taste
well hello dr anderson welcome back
thank you very much how was your trip to
london
it was fine thank you did you visit lots
of museums
no i didn't visit any
did you eat in some good restaurants
no i ate in the same bad restaurant
every day
did you see any plays or concerts
no but i watch tv in the hotel room at
night
did you take some nice walks around
london
actually no i sat in a chair for four
days
dr anderson that doesn't sound like a
very nice vacation
vacation i went to london for business
not for vacation i met doctors from all
over the world
we talked about new medicines and i gave
two speeches
i always ate at the hotel restaurant so
i actually never left the hotel
but dr anderson you were in london and
you didn't see the city
no but it looked nice from the airplane
i'm meeting my sister for lunch aren't
you having lunch with mr evans
oh no i forgot
tell him i don't feel well and i'm going
to the doctor
okay
is marie here uh no
she's not feeling so well if she
went to the doctor she has a fever
and a headache and a stomach
and a tooth that sounds bad
i need my jacket you do look awful
well with your fever fever
oh yes fever and a headache
oh and stomach ache
and a tooth
you're not going anywhere stay right
here i'm calling the doctor
yes thank you mr evans
thank you very much
marie could you do me a favor i'm having
lunch with a client in an hour and i
spilled coffee on my tie
could you go to the store and buy a new
tie for me sure no problem
and can you get a newspaper for me at
the store on the corner yep
this coffee is cold could you buy me a
cup of coffee too
sure
also this shirt doesn't look very nice
can you buy me a new shirt of course
could you get me a new suit too yes
and uh can you play the violin for me
after lunch certainly
could you fix my car tonight yes sir
you didn't hear me at all did you
i'm sorry what did you say nothing
nothing i'm going to the store to buy a
new tie
okay
can i fix his car tonight
yeah right
i would like to live in china
i'd like to learn to play the guitar
[Music]
if i can't live in china i'm going to
learn to speak chinese
i'm going to write a book
really about what i don't know
cookie you don't cook
what about you two what are your plans
we're going to go to a movie tonight
no what are your plans for the future
well i'd like to get married
and have children what about you bob
i'd like to get married and have
children too
really you would you want to get married
actually we have some news for you
no you're getting married
we want you to come to the movie with us
wow and we're going to get married
i'm so happy for you congratulations
can we still come to the movie with you
now one she's
18 years old she's
18 years old you all know about this one
right
this one i'm aged remember h
with d here aged
i'm aged 10
they are about if you are not sure
about a person's age you can guess
about maybe like 24 25 or 26
they are about 25.
my sister is almost
20 almost or nearly
like maybe she's 18 or 19 or 20 i'm not
sure about that
my sister is almost 20
nearly 20. i have
a 7 year old son
we have years here if it is just
one one year you don't have to add s
here
one year old from two
three or over then two we say years old
in this way we use year o here as an
adjective and after that is a noun
sun a seven year old son
in this way seven more than two but we
don't use
s here because when a noun is
used as an adjective we don't use x
we don't us okay seven year
old son no s here okay
a seven year old son
or you can say my son is a seven
year old in this way
we you seven year old or seven year old
is a now okay my son
is a seven year old
this is a class of 15 year olds
my son just a person so
a seven year old here
this is a class of a class
a class you know a class of course there
are a lot of students there
15 20 40 so
they are bluer nouns in that case we
don't use
a a seven year old or a 15 year old
we use 15 year olds
and then we add here remember this is
this is a noun
and a class a lot of people and then we
have to
add s at the end 15 year olds
we are in our 50s
50s here usually we have the word 50
50 here
but if you use 50s the plural forms
50s here's means from 50 to
59 okay so
we are in our 50s
my dad is in his 40s
i'm not sure about his age he's about
he's
more than 40 so i would say he's in his
40s my daughter
is in her teens teens okay
teens that means from 13
to 90. my daughter is
in her teens i don't remember exactly
how old she is and i just guess she is
in her teens
okay remember we use in here
in
in and then we're we use
our my dad that means he
right and i use his daughter
is a girl she and in this way i use
her and then the number the number of
age in our 50s
in his 40s in
her teens remember we have to add s here
okay
we are in our 50s my dad
is in his 40s my daughter
is in her teens good morning
welcome good morning or good afternoon
or good evening maybe
good morning what can i
help you today if you are
a clerk or a salesperson when a customer
come into your shop you should say this
one good morning
what can i help you today b
yes i want to buy a t-shirt
if the clerk asks you what can i help
you today you can say
yes i want to buy and then the thing
that you want to buy
and here i want to buy a shirt a t-shirt
sorry a t-shirt do you have
anything in cotton cotton
or you can say cotton is the material
or if you don't like cotton you can use
linen velvet leather
any material do you have anything
remember in do you have anything
in cotton
yes we do look at this
yes we do have look at these ones
i like this black one
okay this is a color you can choose any
color
this black one do you have it
in also in do you have it in
another design yes
how about that one okay i would suggest
i will recommend
how about that one it's perfect
can i try it on i want to try it on
to see that if um it fits me or not
can i try it on
yeah sure the dressing room
the dressing room in america in america
or
in england people usually use
fitting room the dressing room is
over there thank you
and then wait for a while when the
customer
try the t-shirt on and then come out you
can
ask how do you feel how do you feel or
what do you think
is it all right is it all right is it
okay
i'm afraid i'm afraid to say
something is not really good what
happened
i'm afraid it's too big for me
it's too big small
tight loose long or short
maybe i
guess so oh i think so too oh i think so
it's pretty big let me
find a smaller one for you let me find a
bigger one for you
let me find a longer one for you let me
find a shorter one for you anything
and then wait for a little bit here you
are
and then wait for the customer to try it
on
and then you ask how do you like it
how do you like it or do you like it or
not
it's just perfect i'll take it i'll take
it that means i'll buy this one